W-11337623 ruleset content (#93)
mulesoft/docs-anypoint-datagraph: modules/ROOT/pages/ruleset.adoc

= Anypoint DataGraph Best Practices Ruleset

> The DataGraph Best Practices Ruleset is a collection of governance rules you can add as a dependency to any API project you want to use in Anypoint DataGraph. The ruleset is a collection of messages to help you ensure your API project adheres to DataGraph best practices. The ruleset is publicly available in Exchange. You add the ruleset as a dependency to API specifications in Design Center API Designer. You can also validate an API against the ruleset, using the API Governance CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataGraph Best Practices Ruleset is a collection of governance rules you can add as a dependency to any API project you want to use in Anypoint DataGraph. The ruleset is a collection of messages that ensure your API project adheres to DataGraph best practices. The ruleset is publicly available in Exchange and you add the ruleset as a dependency to API specifications in Design Center API Designer. You can also validate an API against the ruleset, using the API Governance CLI.
```
